back in March of 2017 algata released
the stream deck an utterly unique 15 key
keypad with screens on each key designed
for live-streaming it's caught
integration with OBS twitch Twitter
windows algata
on products and in August 2017 they
added xsplit allowing for us to finally
use the stream deck for our weekly
podcast the wine show but I rarely
stream so why is my Twitter feed full of
requests to review this thing I'll tell
you why because they know I don't care
what anything was designed to do I care
about what it can do and so as the king
of macros I'll be looking at this
product from two angles its intended use
and how I use it
[Music]
Tunnel bear makes really simple privacy
apps so people can enjoy a more open
Internet to try tunnel bear free go to
tunnel bear comm /l tt opening up the
stream Dex software for the first time
you'll be greeted by a bunch of actions
on the right just drag them onto the
buttons on the left try them out in real
life and they all pretty much work
exactly as you might expect you can
control your twitch chat post
pre-written messages on Twitter change
scenes sources and mics in OBS and
xsplit take screenshots record your
screen and even record the last X
minutes retroactively Lee if you also
have an elgato capture card suite and
there's a whole lot more but you might
be thinking wait teryn can't we already
do all that stuff using keyboard
shortcuts well no not all of it for one
thing
keyboard shortcuts aren't always easy to
remember and depending on your game they
can end up conflicting with other
commands furthermore because of the
magic of API integrations it can even do
things like toggling slow mode in twitch
chat without you having to manually alt
tab to the chat window and position your
cursor and then alt tab back to where
you were so the stream deck just makes
it a lot easier to execute these
commands when you're live-streaming a
game or whatever else and I was also
pretty impressed by the ease of the
setup and configuration process but
let's go deeper
what if 15 actions isn't enough for you
fear not
you can put actions in folders to fit up
to 210 actions onto a single stream deck
wait did I say 210 I mean unlimited a
recent update allows you to nest folders
inside of other folders dog anyway
what's the stream deck like to use while
streaming not sure what to tell you
without sounding repetitive assuming
you've set everything up correctly it
works exactly as you'd expect also the
automatic dimming of inactive scenes and
sources makes it really easy to tell
what's going on just by glancing at the
stream deck it just works so for serious
streamers the value is pretty clear and
that's been thoroughly covered by people
who are a lot more into that scene with
that said it wouldn't be a terran video
without a list of complaints and such
questions so here we go the current GUI
doesn't make it obvious that you can
right click here to get more options the
web-based image creator is cool but it
requires you to save an image onto your
computer before you can put it onto the
stream deck which adds an extra step the
integrated cord is too short
the concave key caps can cause
reflections making the screens hard to
read there's significant parallax on the
keys which combined with the stands
limited adjustability means that finding
a good viewing angle can be quite
difficult the stand flops around when
you pick it up and it also doesn't
really work in portrait mode which is
also not supported in the software one
of my units suffered from image
retention which Elgato insists is rare
having never been a hardware issue but I
still wish there was an automatic sleep
mode I wish we had options for font size
color and position and simple background
colors on the keys I wish I could
dynamically change a keys image and
function based upon say an ini file
somewhere as controlled by a script of
my own making I wish that multiple
stream decks per computer were supported
and I wish that gifts were supported
even though it would mostly just be used
for fun but despite all this I still
really like the stream deck and I've
been using it daily at work for several
months now but not for twitch streaming
I use it for video editing and folder
navigation you may have seen my DIY 87
macro keyboard video a while ago there
have been several developments since
then and I have more macro keys on my
desk than ever before so the stream deck
fits in perfectly its windows
integration means that you can assign
websites hotkeys and even the direct
opening of programs scripts or files an
extremely powerful feature in the right
hands and these are the right hands wink
so after painstakingly restructuring all
of my autohotkey scripts to work in such
a way that individual functions with
parameters could be launched directly
from single keys on the stream deck I
was able to consolidate my peripherals
from this to this and all of the code
for that is on my github link below by
the way I only did it that way because I
literally ran out of key combinations
but you can probably just use the
key command and have that trigger a
script that's a lot more simple now if a
hundred and fifty dollars sounds too
expensive and you don't think you need
all these features you certainly could
create a poor man's stream deck by
binding some keyboard shortcuts onto a
decent numpad like this one and you
could use auto hotkey for application
directing and/or detection
you could also add Lua macros or
interception to make it independent from
the normal numpad and then you could
print out little images onto envelopes
stamps cut them out and paste them onto
the keys you would end up with something
that looks like this and for only $17
but it's a real pain to get all of that
working so while it is more expensive I
definitely consider the stream deck
worthwhile for productivity freaks you
guys know who you are and serious
streamers alike I still wish it
supported gifts though but you know what
else doesn't support gifts the masked
drop exclusive sennheiser HD 6 XX
headphones currently available for only
two hundred dollars with free shipping
to the USA these are based on the
Sennheiser HD 650s which are still
widely considered to be the best
headphones under $1000 buy the
audiophile community they sound smooth
and laid-back with balanced mid-range
and a natural sounding bass sorry I mean
bass there have been no adjustments to
the sound signature from the HD 650 to
the HD 6x X the visual aesthetic has
been updated to a deep midnight blue
with black name plates they've got soft
ear pads with elliptical ear cups that
follow the ear and a detachable 6 foot
cable so go check them out on mass drop
at the link below thanks for watching
give the video a like dislike get
subscribed get bailed or don't whatever
you can buy the stream deck on Amazon if
you want also check out our merch store
and community forum you have so many
things let's see I think I have a macro
for ending the